# Bike-Sharing
This project is used to predict Bike sharing numbers.

**Some background information**

There is nowadays a new automatic system that keeps the track of all the data realted to shared bycicles from the point of renting, returning, duration of usage, the time of renting, the number of people using the shared bikes at some point of time or for a certain duration, etc..
This big data generated by such programms and systems are currently used for research and are attractive to test the capabilities of artificial intelligence. 
In this project we use the two publically shared data that is available at http://capitalbikeshare.com/system-data
                                               for the weather information http://www.freemeteo.com
and we try to analyse and predict the relation between the time, season, day and other conditions with the number of people renting those shared bicycles. The data is collected along the two years 2011 and 2012 so it is kind of enough to give us an idea about renting the shared bicycles through the year.
We will be doing regression task to predict the bike rental count hourly or daily based on the environmental and seasonal changes.	


**The files we need**
- hour.csv : bike sharing counts aggregated on hourly basis. Records: 17379 hours
- day.csv - bike sharing counts aggregated on daily basis. Records: 731 days
- Requirments.txt: to install all the needed dependencies.

**License**
According to the origional site we should cite the following publication: 
[1] Fanaee-T, Hadi, and Gama, Joao, "Event labeling combining ensemble detectors and background knowledge", Progress in Artificial Intelligence (2013): pp. 1-15, Springer Berlin Heidelberg, doi:10.1007/s13748-013-0040-3.

**Contact**
Feel free to follow me on Youtube for detailed explanation about the setup: ------(the link will be shared soon).
